TLS Inspector/Localization/README.md, before:

# Localization

TLS Inspector supports multiple languages through the code located here.

# Strings

Most of the text seen in the TLS Inspector application, such as labels on buttons and dialog messages, are localized strings which are loaded in from a dictionary at launch time.

Items are mapped from a fixed key to the translated string. The key is typically the English translation, however it may be an identifier if the string is long, or the key is determined by a variable.

## String Variables

Sometimes strings need to have variables inserted at specific locations within them. For example with `"Hello {name}"` we would need to replace `{name}` with a value.

To identify a variable within a translated string you specify the index of that variable, for example: `"Hello {0}"`. In code, we pass an array of values that are populated into the string by their index. The order of the variables does not matter in the translated string, only that the index matches that of the array. For example, this is perfectly valid: `"My name is {1}, are you {0}?"`. Variables can be repeated multiple times.

Commit message:

Switch localization to strings file (used to generate plist as build time)

TLS Inspector/Localization/README.md, after:

# Localization

TLS Inspector supports multiple languages through the code located here.

Most of the text seen in the TLS Inspector application, such as labels on buttons and dialog
messages, are localized strings which are loaded in from a dictionary at launch time.

Items are mapped from a fixed key to the translated string. The key is typically the English
translation, however it may be an identifier if the string is long, or the key is determined by a 
variable.

Sometimes strings need to have variables inserted at specific locations within them. For example
with `"Hello {name}"` we would need to replace `{name}` with a value.

To identify a variable within a translated string you specify the index of that variable, for
example: `"Hello {0}"`. In code, we pass an array of values that are populated into the string by
their index. The order of the variables does not matter in the translated string, only that the
index matches that of the array. For example, this is perfectly valid:
`"My name is {1}, are you {0}?"`. Variables can be repeated multiple times.

# Strings Files

TLS Inspector's localized strings are stored in so-called `.strings` files. These files contain
one entry per line in the format of `key TAB value`. Lines that begin with a `#` are ignored and can
be used for comments. Values that contain line brakes should use literal `\n`. The file should be
alphabetically sorted by key.

As build time, these strings files are used to generate a Apple property list file, which is
embedded in TLS Inspector.
